chore: update README.md (#2)
oras-project/oras-dotnet: README.md

# ORAS .NET library

> > **Warning** This project is currently under active development. The API may and will change incompatibly from one commit to another.

Reviewer: To me, active development is the desired state of any project. Maybe "alpha development" or "initial development"

```suggestion
> **Warning** This project is currently under initial development. The API may and will be incompatibly from one commit to another.
```

Reviewer 2: @shizhMSFT, can we add some text that describes the scope of this repo/sub-project?

Reviewer 2: The question about scope of each sub-project continues to come up. I'm suggesting the readme can define the scope:
"The oras-dotnet repo is scoped at implementing a dotnet version of ORAS functionality. "

The interesting thing that came up with the oras-py implementation is whether each library is following an implementation of a common spec? What's the reference for each library? 
For now, It's probably ok to just say the above.

Author: @SteveLasker I've created the following issue
- https://github.com/oras-project/community/issues/46

to discuss your concerns.
